README.md, before:

# WeatherAppMVVM
As the name suggests it is the weather app,which hits the weather api.

# Description

* The MVVM model is used in this application.
# MVVM MODEL
The Model-View-ViewModel Pattern.

The main players in the MVVM pattern are:

1.The View — that informs the ViewModel about the user’s actions.

2.The ViewModel — exposes streams of data relevant to the View.

3.The DataModel — abstracts the data source. The ViewModel works with the DataModel to get and save the data.

On the click of button "View Weather" the the api gets hit and the data from api is get back as response into weatherInfoData class.
Then the class calls the api interface by passing the city id as the parameter to api interface then the data is passed to weather data response class.
And there the data gets stored in UI

* The UI is broken into multiple parts for the single screen.

[
![Screenshot 2020-12-12 at 10 37 28 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38380683/101991781-e523e400-3cd4-11eb-847c-42b42fa076a7.png)


![Screenshot 2020-12-12 at 10 37 41 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38380683/101991783-e81ed480-3cd4-11eb-8235-28132c0e59e6.png)

](url)

Commit message:

Added how to build the project.

README.md, after:

# WeatherAppMVVM
As the name suggests it is the weather app,which hits the weather api.

# Description

* The MVVM model is used in this application.
# MVVM MODEL
The Model-View-ViewModel Pattern.

The main players in the MVVM pattern are:

1.The View — that informs the ViewModel about the user’s actions.

2.The ViewModel — exposes streams of data relevant to the View.

3.The DataModel — abstracts the data source. The ViewModel works with the DataModel to get and save the data.

On the click of button "View Weather" the the api gets hit and the data from api is get back as response into weatherInfoData class.
Then the class calls the api interface by passing the city id as the parameter to api interface then the data is passed to weather data response class.
And there the data gets stored in UI

* The UI is broken into multiple parts for the single screen.

## Build the Project

To build the project on your own follow these steps:

Clone the project
Get an API key from Weather Api.


Build the project!

[
![Screenshot 2020-12-12 at 10 37 28 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38380683/101991781-e523e400-3cd4-11eb-847c-42b42fa076a7.png)
![Screenshot 2020-12-12 at 10 37 41 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38380683/101991783-e81ed480-3cd4-11eb-8235-28132c0e59e6.png)
](url)
